hey youtubers X Factor here this is my
first round of black ops 2 since my last
upload I've seriously probably played
six or seven rounds total since this
being off my hard drive for four or five
months I really pride myself on being a
complete black ops 2 noob and rely on
you guys for a lot of information the
last video i posted said hey I need some
weapon combinations kits perk stacking I
need to know the lay of the land because
I am clueless this is a big of a noob I
am I don't know the numerical order of
the levels in the ranks I'm slowly
learning some of the counters to these
other kits and some of their little
nuances as I play against people and
just like anything I gotta shake it up
because I get bored from time to time I
love the Battlefield franchise I'm true
to that and I'm a die-hard battlefield
ER but at the end of the day my life
begs for a little bit of a variety as
well now I have another question for you
guys you guys already taught me hey I
expect to use the UAV as soon as you get
it but what do you do with the hunter
killer drone you just chuck it up in the
middle or right lane does it have a
limited range where it can dive bomb
down or does it literally sit up there
now that's a nice nade that I just
caught with my teeth so shout-out to
camper sniper Pro up the hair and I
actually pick up a sniper rifle in this
game because you know I've heard all
about the quick scoping if I can get
used to the difference of sensitivity
between battlefield 3 and black ops 2 I
think I'd be a little bit more
successful with the 80s in this game
because my biggest complaint in this
game is not so much the netcode issues
that are apparent but it's the 80s
sensitivity with iron sights and SMGs
and other guns it's just too high
there's not enough of reduction for me
so you're gonna see me over a man done
during the other thing I've done is I've
changed my place down a little bit
instead of completely running around
like a chicken with my head cut off I'm
actually slow peaking certain spots and
taking it easy and you know I know the
bouncing betty trick now thanks to you
guys regal prone or just crouch if you
hear it pop up and then my / combination
tends to help me in certain situations
here I go trying to experiment saying
okay how fast can this quick scope I
don't know but it didn't kill them but
assisted suicide whatever that is but
I'm guessing I left it with such a
little pull of health that he fell off
now we'll go back to this other weapon
another weapon and this is something
that's more up my alley this weapon I
shot it right there to figure out if
it's full auto or single or whatever
because I have no idea this might be
something that's more up my alley
something that's more accurate medium
range then thing I've noticed about the
SMGs is sure you can rush with them and
they've got a ton of rate of fire but at
the end of the day they're not the most
accurate and the range kind of sucks I
kind of like the middle ground KY like
the m16 not great up close can be out
shot right not right really far it can
be out shot not the best middle range
what's pretty good at everything and
that's kind of like the kid I'd like to
gravitate towards meanwhile keep in mind
that I malobi I don't have a lot of this
shit unlocked and I'm kind of
experimenting as I go I probably don't
need the reflex sight but there is
something that does slow down by a d/s
sensitivity please make that
recommendation but mind you I don't like
these big Zumba scopes and that little
bugger snuck up on me I like this game
mode kill confirm because not only do
you have to kill the person but yet to
get and retrieve the dog tag or stuff
them on one of their dog tags right so I
see a care package being dropped I'm
kind of figuring out what that stuff
does and you know I noticed that people
are creatures of habit sand these little
Maps I'm still learning the nuances of
these maps but you know I know us and
here's a nice little sticking aid I cook
it just a little bit cuz there's another
thing I learned you could cook nades in
this game why is that not in battlefield
3 cooking nades how many how many games
is cooking nades in right and I think he
just got blown to smithereens my god
knows what but naga just cooked him like
a burnt piece of toast so ill cooking
aids that's an amazing thing that's
awesome the hip firing sensitivity I
have matched up to battlefield 3 almost
perfectly so you'll see why my accuracy
is quite a bit more higher with the
hipfire then you know the 80s stuff so
you know I've learned to kind of switch
back pop that then I say okay that guy
is probably the building i'm not going
to throw it that way so i'm going to
throw in the middle now here's the old
bait-and-switch think I'm run away come
back take a hip fire because usually
when you're shooting somebody in the
back they don't expect you to come back
at them right they're shooting you so
just give them a quick
peek back you might catch him off guard
so I'm in a little bit of trouble right
here but you know the one thing I've
learned is you know shotguns they hurt
man this game is very unforgiving with
the shotguns or very forgiving with the
shotguns i should say if you clip them
in the leg or the chest it feels like a
drop co as it should right maybe not the
legs but you know that's one thing I
liked about the battlefield 3 is the
Buckshot you know or I'm sorry the slug
it rewards you for that accuracy because
it does have a lead time and bullet drop
associated with it and of course is
pretty nasty damage drop off at range
this game it just seems like the thing
is like hits can you point out them you
click and I would try to bake this guy
into this and that is mine good sir
thank you come again and it's one way to
get a kill streak I guess so nice guy
teammate right that dropped that for me
but i think i might strike out on this
one but not too bad i think i finally
found the play style i need and i might
want to mix up my killstreaks because
I'm not having a problem going on longer
killstreaks playing a more battlefield
3's style you know all in all I have a
little fun when it puts around this game
and rumor has a boogie down 60 one of
the minions he might install this so we
might go have a little fun and have a
little comedy hour I would like a bigger
kill streak so I'm open to
recommendation something that takes care
of itself you know or something that can
wreak some havoc but again let me know
what killstreaks I should use in
combination with that because I might
have to get rid of the hunter killer
drone or UAV or something that helps me
scale to another skill Street quicker
remember guys im- as always thanks for
watching YouTube thanks for supporting
me this was a nice fresh breath of
relief from the battlefield 3 grind
hopefully you guys enjoyed it and have a
good weekend we'll see you guys soon on
the battlefield
UAV inbound